sister {
  Your sister sits sleeping with a book on her lap. How very boring.;
  Your sister is still sleeping.;
  "ZZZZZ" snores your sister;
  NONE;
  NONE;
}

thief {
  Before you stands an unpleasantly thin and tall man with long spindly fingers. He is dressed entirely in drab, dark colours. He is
  surely some sort of ne'er do well. He looks like a THIEF.;
  The THIEF stands before you.;
  "AHH that is a very beautiful jewel you have. Perhaps you would be so kind as to give it to me?";
  NONE;
  steal;
}

cards {
  The four cards are busily painting white roses red. In their hurry, they spill the crimson paint everywhere around them, and they
  have many paint splotches all over the red bits of their faces. You see that they are the two, five, and seven of hearts. They keep
  nervously checking over their shoulders to see if anyone from the croquet game behind them has taken notice of their activities.;
  The two, five, and seven are painting white roses red frantically. They keep glancing over their shoulders towards the game of
  croquet going on behind them.;
  "Oh hello, sorry but we don't have time to talk right now," says the seven. "Yes, we are quite too busy for you right now," agrees
  agrees the five. The two remains silent, focusing on the task of painting./"What do you mean, why are we painting these roses?"/The
  five and the seven look worriedly at the two when you keep asking them questions. The two answers "You see, the QUEEN OF HEARTS wants
  a garden full of beautiful red roses, but we accidentally planted white ones, and we are painting to fix our mistake" the two of
  hearts glances back at the croquet game once more "please do not tell the QUEEN!"/"Please don't tell the queen what we're up to!";
  NONE;
  NONE;
}

rabbit {
  Before you stands a WHITE RABBIT in a sophisticated three piece suit. Hanging from his belt is a pocketwatch that he checks
  frequently along with a keyring holding a small GOLDEN KEY, as well as a SPADE KEY - that is a key with a spade for a head.
  The rabbit seems to be searching frantically for something.;
  The WHITE RABBIT stands before you.;
  "Hello little girl. Didn't I see you at the top of the hole? No matter, have you seen my FAN? I seem to have misplaced it, and it's
  terribly important to me."/"If you should find my FAN, please bring it to me, and I shall reward you handsomely!"/"Please bring my
  FAN to me.";
  goldkey spadekey;
  NONE;
}

duchess {
  The DUCHESS is a squat old woman with a terribly ugly face. She possesses perhaps the pointiest chin that you have ever seen, and is
  the perfect height to rest it directly on your shoulder. Her eyes are bright and calculating, seeming to take measure of all that
  they perceive.;
  The DUCHESS stands before you, her pointy chin menacing you.;
  "Hello little girl, would you like some soup? It has just enough pepper for my liking, but my boy here seems to think there's too
  much. He just can't stop sneezing when I stir it."/"Have you tried the soup? It's just as spicy as I like it, with all that pepper!"/
  "Have some soup, but stir it up first!";
  letter;
  give-letter;
}

big-baby {
  This baby is absolutely gigantic. It is at least as large as the DUCHESS herself, but appears to be no more than two years old at any
  rate. It is hodling a DIAMOND KEY in it's hands, and using it as a rattle.;
  The big baby sits in front of you. Wow, that's a big baby...;
  "WAAAAAAAAH";
  diamondkey;
  NONE;
}

cheshire {
  This CHESHIRE CAT appeared out of thin air. It is green with purple stripes, and unsettlingly large eyes. It grins at all times,
  like it knows something that you don't know. Although it seems to be mocking you, it doesn't appear to have any intent to harm you.
  You notice that the cat has a CLUB KEY hanging from it's collar.;
  The CHESHIRE CAT regards you with it's large eyes, grinning all the while.;
  "Hello little girl, are you lost? It simply doesn't do to be lost - I would try being found instead."/"This forest is not an easy
  place to get out of. If you know what's UP, or what's DOWN you can at least always get out. But to go forwards requires a twisty
  and winding trail."/"If you are certain you can make it through, you'd be RIGHT, but if you're not certain, you'll be LEFT behind,
  and LEFT behind is not what you want, I suspect. That is, if I'm RIGHT, I'm sure you'll get STRAIGHT out of here."/"Good luck, little
  one!";
  NONE;
  NONE;
}

madhatter {
  The MAD HATTER is dressed in an ugly and rundown purple suit. Upon his head lies a ragged top hat with a large tear along the top of
  the brim. Tucked into the band of the hat is a playing card - a joker. His eyes focus on yours only for the briefest of moments,
  before seemingly wandering off on their own.;
  The MAD HATTER sits at his tea party and drinks from an empty glass.;
  "Welcome welcome, please have something to drink! What's that? You haven't had anything? Well it's much easier to have more of
  something than nothing!" The Hatter gestures to the table full of goodies./The HATTER checks his watch "Why YES! It is in fact
  Tuesday! Very astute of you."/"My you are quite the riddler. Do come back again sometime.";
  watch;
  hattergame;
}

hare {
  This hare seems to barely know where it is. It is wildly indulging in the treats at the table, between fits of staring off into the
  distance, as if it just heard something far away calling it's name.;
  The MARCH HARE is enjoying indulging in the tea party.;
  "You should try the dainties, they are anything but!";
  NONE;
  NONE;
}

queen {
  The QUEEN OF HEARTS stands before you. She is an imposingly large and fat woman, who has clearly become quite used to being in
  charge of things. Her face seems permanently held in a rictus frown, with deep lines in her face much resembling riverbeds cutting
  through granite. Her face is heavily powdered, and the makeup has dried and cracked, adding to her ghastly appearance. In a vain
  attempt to soften her features, she has all together too much blush applied, which rather than giving her a youthful flush makes her
  look as if she has suffered a highly localized sunburn. She sneers at you, looking down her nose - it is clear that you are not
  making a strong first impression...;
  The QUEEN looks down upon you. She looks to be losing her patience, even just standing here.;
  "And WHAT do you WANT? I suppose you are here to beg for trinkets, baubles, and all sorts of inconsequential drivel. It's all
  anyone EVER TALKS ABOUT!"/"Out with it then! Or off with it it will be!"/"THAT IS QUITE ENOUGH OUT OF YOU YOUNG LADY!"/"BEGONE!";
  heartkey;
  trial;
}
